bluetooth: host: Introduce nRF Connect SDK Bluetooth Host (#27863)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth/host/api/controller.rst

.. _bluetooth_controller:

Bluetooth Controller
####################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Bluetooth Controller API provides host-side access to controller-specific configuration.

> It currently includes functionality for setting the controller public address before Bluetooth is
> enabled.
> Use these APIs when the application must configure controller behavior prior to calling
> :c:func:`bt_enable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It currently includes functionality for setting the controller public address before Bluetooth is enabled.
Use these APIs when the application must configure controller behavior before calling the :c:func:`bt_enable` function.
```
